Hi guys, in some assets we have imported
from fab markets. For example, this uh
scene or this house is a massive size.
Look at this.
Okay. How to fix this problem
and
added from this.
Okay. Go
this to the size from this to this.
Okay. To this scale it's reduce it like
this. Okay. How to do that? Let's show.
Okay. Okay, first thing first to use
this assets we have to go here for
example go to fab and search for half
house more filter
uh set price for free products this my
assets old house I added to my project
by writing this clicking this button
after that you can get this right here
fab in this path fab all the scene
static mesh Okay, let's see
when I get this uh assets. It looks
huge.
Awesome. How to fix this problem
and make it
smaller.
Okay, first of all, we have to select
this one. After selecting this asset, we
have to go here to the modeling tool.
Go to X form
transform
and probably in this corner.
Okay. 0.01
size
01.
I want to reduce by 100 times. 0.01.
Hit complete.
Okay. Double click.
Okay. That's fine.
reduce the speed.
Okay, and this is all for this tutorial,
guys. Thank you.
Subscribe for the channel for more
helpful tutorials like this.
Okay, goodbye.